
## 1.1. What is Testing?

- Software testing is described as the process in the software development life cycle (SDLC) that evaluates the quality of a component, system or related work products:
	- ==Meets the business and technical requirements that guided its design and development==
	- ==Works as expected==
	- ==Can be implemented with the same characteristics==
		+ Now, this last statement is often misunderstood, and it basically means that there should not be any difference between implementation one and implementation two.

		 **=> The software has a stable base.**
		- So testing is not as simple as reading a requirements document or a user story and running a few checks.
		 It is a detailed investigation of what is the feature or requirement.

		 Coming up with ways to test whether it does the job, executing the tests and comparing test outcomes with expectations.

		 Expectations do not only have to be yes, indeed, two plus two equals four, but also how fast?
		 How easy?
		 What if I switch off in the middle?
		 What if I do this multiple times in a row?
		
		 And obviously testing is also about evaluating whether the component system or any related work products don't do what they should not do.
	
		 **It's not only a happy path.**
		 **It's also unhappy path.**

- Software testing:
	- Assesses the quality of the software
	- Reduces the risk of software failure in operation
  
### Misconceptions about Software Testing
- Software testing is a set of activities to discover defects and evaluate the quality of test object. Misconceptions about testing are that testing: 
	- ==Only focus on executing tests X==
		+ Testing includes many, many other activities like reviews, designing tests, reporting, and much, much more.
	    - Must be aligned with the SDLC
		    - Be aligned with the software development lifecycle because testing in a sequential model like waterfall,
	
			 for example, is definitely different than testing in an agile project
	- ==Only focus on verifying the test object X==
		- Also involves validation
			=> So validating how the system meets the needs of the stakeholders in operation.

			It's a very important part.
	  - ==Can be fully automated X==
		  - It it an intellectual process and the tester needs:
			  - Spe



